=== GROUND TRUTH ===
{
  "victim": "Emily Stanton",
  "killer": "James Hudson",
  "true_motive": "Jealousy over Emily's secret relationship with James's wife, Laura.",
  "weapon": "Dagger from a family heirloom collection",
  "timeline": [
    "8:00 PM - Emily arrives at the party hosted by Laura and James.",
    "9:00 PM - Emily and Laura are seen having a heated discussion in the library.",
    "9:30 PM - Party attendees hear raised voices and a loud crash from the library.",
    "9:35 PM - James is seen leaving the library quickly with a flustered demeanor.",
    "9:40 PM - The lights go out in the house, and a commotion is heard.",
    "9:45 PM - The lights are restored, and Emily is found dead on the floor, a dagger protruding from her chest.",
    "10:00 PM - Police are called to the scene."
  ],
  "suspects": [
    {
      "name": "Laura Hudson",
      "means": "She could have been in the library alone with Emily.",
      "motive": "Jealousy towards Emily for taking her husband's attention.",
      "opportunity": "She was seen with Emily just before the incident, but has an alibi with other party guests.",
      "is_lying": true
    },
    {
      "name": "Peter Knox",
      "means": "He had access to the dagger collection as a close family friend.",
      "motive": "Believed Emily was planning to leave town and take his girlfriend with her.",
      "opportunity": "Peter was in the same room when the lights went out, but has no visible motive to kill.",
      "is_lying": false
    },
    {
      "name": "Sarah Bloom",
      "means": "She was working at the party and could have encountered Emily in the hallway.",
      "motive": "She hated Elizabeth's lifestyle and choices, but it’s unlikely she’d kill.",
      "opportunity": "She claims to be in the kitchen during the incident, but can’t provide proof.",
      "is_lying": false
    },
    {
      "name": "James Hudson",
      "means": "Possessed the opportunity to commit the murder as husband and caretaker of the dagger collection.",
      "motive": "Felt betrayed upon discovering Emily's affair with Laura.",
      "opportunity": "Concealed himself in the library before the lights went out, making a rush exit after the crime.",
      "is_lying": true
    }
  ],
  "red_herrings": [
    "Laura's argument with Emily was over a trivial matter about party arrangements.",
    "Peter's volatile personality makes him suspicious, but he was actually trying to help Emily secure a job.",
    "Sarah had previously expressed dislike for Emily, leading investigators to mistakenly question her more than necessary."
  ],
  "interference_plan": "James removes the dagger and cleans up the scene, placing the weapon in the hands of an unsuspecting guest while fabricating an alibi with others at the party who don't recall his absence."
}

=== FAILED NOVEL (Crime solved without clues/suspense) ===
1. Detective Nathaniel Greene, a veteran investigator known for his incisive mind but flawed by recent bouts of exhaustion, felt weary as he stepped into the opulent ballroom. The murder of the wealthy philanthropist, Edward Crane, had turned the elegant evening into a chaotic crime scene. The dazzling chandeliers, the expensive dresses, and the clinking of half-filled glasses were overshadowed by the ominous crime that had occurred. In his fatigued state, Detective Greene made a hasty decision that would haunt him almost immediately.

2. "Arrest her," he instructed with little hesitation, pointing at Laura Hudson, a striking woman whose emerald silk dress was stained with a red wine splotch that, in his tired mind, bore enough resemblance to a bloodstain. The mere sight of her next to Edward’s fallen body compelled the detective to leap to conclusions. 

3. As Laura was led away in handcuffs, tears streaming down her face, she insisted on her innocence. "I didn’t do it," she sobbed, panic-stricken eyes darting around the room. "Please, I am innocent."

4. The party guests, once revelers dancing under grand chandeliers, were now transformed into an audience of disbelief and anger. Murmurs of dissent spiraled into a cacophony of outrage. A young man among them, James, with a look of fierce determination, stepped forward. His voice cut through the growing murmur, "This is madness! Laura wouldn’t harm anyone. She deserves to be heard!"

5. The uproar grew, and the detective felt the walls of the room closing in on him. He realized his overzealous decision had lit a fuse that could lead to a public scandal, urging the need for evidence to either vindicate his arrest or redirect suspicion. The stakes were dangerously high—his reputation, Laura’s freedom, and perhaps the key to uncovering a deeper truth within the elegant trap of lies woven through the evening.

6. Under pressure and amidst this mounting tension, Greene understood that diligence was his only ally. He needed the missing pieces, and time was quickly slipping through his fingers like the sand in an hourglass. As he scanned the faces around him, each a mask of intrigue and potential deception, he knew any delayed action could result in irreparable damage—not only in his career but, more critically, to justice itself.

7. The detective all but banished his exhaustion, diving back into the frenetic web of clues. He vowed silently not to let the darkness of doubt overshadow the truth. Each heartbeat matched the ticking clock, a reminder of time’s relentless passage and the consequence it wrought. Within this whispered promise to himself, Greene knew that he must unravel the deceit that shrouded the opulent grandeur of the night before it was too late.